AI GENERATED. Like a blank.
You know,
they're.
Oh,
not there.
But yeah,
it's all full of gold.
Golden,
golden this,
that our house,
she said is absolutely for.
This is a modern Arab by the sound of it.
The prince and all that.
I mean that prince who came to see our house was settled down there.
He said if I had money I would have purchased this house immediately.
Ruston is a very tricky fellows is a very tricky fellow.
Because you see,
he had a lady
who was senior to him,
an Indian lady never married a very manly type,
stayed all over the world,
all over the world,
you see,
like she,
she was the one who was head of that.
And then he came and I said,
all right,
I'll do something about her,
and I gave her band this Saturday.
When he went back,
he telephoned to me,
said,
What have you done to this woman?
She's become like a.
Little goat under my feet.
I
But Ruston was very lucky.
He just applied for the job.
The next day he was called,
just like that.
And for very,
you see,
he's getting a pay
as much as he figures I think.
Making a big one.
He sent $2000 for the American trip.
So it seems now.
We have settled down
a very settled feeling.
It's good.
Today's last interview I knew,
you see,
if I boast about myself,
then it works faster.
I didn't both,
but it worked out that way.
The people asked me a very direct question,
and now it will settle.
I'm sure it will settle here very well,
going to settle very well.
And as
uh Ron suggested,
after you people get
quite
good
at.
Uh,
Sanjoga.
Then you can shift
to some nearer
places like there are 7 cities,
you see,
so one of you can go to another city,
another can go to another city like that.
But one thing one must understand that one should never quarrel among yourselves,
never should never quarrel,
never
challenge anybody.
And now say Laurie is here.
She's the one whom I know.
And she's supposed
to be
in connection with me in the sense if we have to write,
we can't write to everyone,
and you should not feel bad
if I write to her and ask her or
tell her anything till I find she's absolutely useless.
You don't bother about her.
That is important.
If I find her useless,
I throw her out.
There's no problem.
But you people leave it to me,
all right,
so I'll be
connected with her whatever she says and guides,
we should go,
and also she will not because she's a lady,
the ladies have a little restrictive nature always.
I'm also a little bit like that sometimes,
but if the
men have the expansive nature,
she should allow you to expand.
Go ahead with it,
but it should not be like a bounder also,
see,
and we must understand that money is.
It's to be,
one has to be careful about it.
One should not waste money on new projects and new things that should not be brought.
If you want to do something you do on your own,
but not to bring the
central
fund
for the health.
Of
projects it's all right for the programme or for this thing.
Later on,
I'm sure when you have more people here,
you won't even need that much for your halls and things.
You may not need at all any money at all.
You might be able to do it yourself,
all those things for your own.
And that's how we should try to be
independent as far as money is concerned.
And
if you have any projects,
now these people have had so many projects like that.
I never give any money to them.
On the contrary,
they have been given money for this,
they have so much money
for the work in America.
All the Australians have established themselves,
always they have come.
So one should understand that money should not be wasted anywhere.
There's no need to waste money on things,
and
we should be careful because this is the money of the states and we cannot
afford to waste it.
You have seen how careful I am myself about it,
so one should not waste the money like that.
We have to still have.
A
very good school in India to begin with,
and we have to have those 56
big ashrams that we are building
for new people.
And you can always go and stay there
and we have lots of plans for you
if you want to.
Have a
heart
in our land,
we might be just about.
50 to ₹6000 or so you can own a
hut there,
but you see,
we can give ownership as such in according to their laws,
but you will have it as a what do you call that.
Deeds or something,
so you can have it all the time for yourself
in the ash.
we are providing you.
But now
we have one problem is to have the school.
And have this Nega thing a little bit
established so it's quite substantiated by Indians.
Indians have never,
never asked me to give them money.
I must tell you this one thing really so far for the book's book,
partly of course
I donated,
partly they did,
but whatever was possible they did and Gregar's book was published,
and now I have money for republishing that book as well.
I mean,
I kept that much money back for republishing.
So now
the thing is in the same way.
We should try to develop ourselves completely independent.
Now these schools will be available to all your children,
all those who are schools will be available.
You can also teach in that school
and also the surgeries can go for their conferences.
It's a very good school and a good place where we are going to have it.
But for that also we need money.
And I think I told them that
just now only if you can spend how many
it's 100 $100 per every surgery we should try to save for one year
and send it over to Arno.
We'll put it in gold and I can raise the price of gold and then we can have more money.
That's why because the amount that we have now is something very,
very
little
to be sent from Europe and America because we didn't have so many people,
but this would be only $100 for one year,
once a year,
once for a lifetime.
You have to send it for this.
And that we try to make something out of that.
Indians have already got 8 lakhs with that
and uh
and in Bombay they have daily they have got about 4 lakhs.
For Indians are really,
I must tell you,
they have never put any burden on me.
And for the 1st 3 years we never took any money.
All those who came were free.
I would not say that 100% they bought the thing,
but at least 50% expenses they bor.
He went with us one day,
first time when he was.
What was the year you were?
I came to you in 1980,
1980.
So we started this thing from 1974.
So you can imagine 4 years.
Uh,
5 years.
Yes,
70,
71 and 2574.
74 January.
Oh,
I see,
then,
yes,
747475 76,
774.0.
So it's it's 74 5 76,
77,
78,
because I came at the beginning of 80,
so we count 79 5.
5 years,
you see,
we sustained.
And quite a lot of people
ask that.
For their food.
Actually,
the year I came to your mother,
you came,
but even then you
you were offering to pay for everything and
you just didn't consider taking any money.
I mean we were so bullheaded we didn't even think to offer either,
but never mind that's another story.
We paid for your stay and everything,
but travelling I think in the end we did,
but we needed a few promptings.
Some people told me that pay for your travelling.
Yes,
I mean I really spent a lot of money doing that.
It doesn't.
But now what I'm saying is that now we have to understand that.
We have to have our self respect.
Actually,
the amount that you people have gathered also to send
to India is so little that I felt sad,
so I bought gold out of it like with the back.
So that also
when they rise,
this 100
will just be the beginning,
I feel for the West.
It'll just be a nominal contribution from now on.
I think the West will undertake a tremendous.
Effort in this regard and certainly I'll be doing my best to
encourage everybody because we can do it $100 per year at least,
at least.
I mean if we can raise $14,000 for America.
I mean in Australia 15,000 altogether I mean putting my money too a little bit.
It's only the beginning.
That's a token.
We have to think on a big scale.
Every year $100 is all right,
I think
would be sensible,
not more than that.
Every year 100 means per month.
How much?
$12.11 dollars
a privilege.
Let's start with this.
Let's do it one year like that.
We'll see about it gently you see there's not much need
because they have got money in the bank in India,
but I mean Indians if they can do so much,
what about us?
They will give you the land,
and everything.
And then when you go there,
you'd have a comfortable place to live in.
That's the main thing now you don't have any comfortable place to live.
We do and we have to pay it's not so comfortable
and we have to pay quite a lot to them also,
isn't it.
They'd be more economical,
more sensible.
And also now you see the prices are going up.
So I have said now ₹4000 for a month.
Everybody is shocked with that only the ₹4000 but
what I'm saying I can't say next year may
not be so and maybe after 2 years or 3 years I may have to stop this.
Then you people will have to move above and it's for
you people only because everybody has a house in India.
Who's going to stay in the ashram.
No,
I mean,
we cannot have an ashram like this in no question because everybody has a house.
There's no question of anybody staying in the national
in out of question.
For Indians,
Indians,
it is out of question.
They've already established
theirs and they all have houses of their own.
If they are young,
they stay with their parents and they have their own houses.
So everybody has a house sort of thing.
So,
ask them if you have.
I don't think unless until they retire,
they won't be there.
So it's you people who need an ashram more than anybody else.
From this mad world if you have to go out sometimes.
So
these 100 things you should send it to Arno,
and for the journey is $400 400 dollars to my dollar account
and for your travelling.
I'll have to find out.
I'll send a circular as soon as I go back
I'll find out from Air India what is the situation.
Mother's Laurie,
Mother's going to try and make a block booking
for North America as well as England and Europe.
And at a good price
and you go by Air India,
no problem.
You see,
Air India is adjustable for us.
We can talk to them.
They'll take all your luggage,
no problem.
You see,
you go by some
Iran Airlines or some sort of a thing and get stranded.
Some people got stranded in Kabul.
You know that?
So why don't know this person got stranded in Kabul.
They came by some plane.
I've forgotten the plane.
This was
not this year,
last year.
I don't know I forgotten their names,
and they got stranded in Kabul
and then a telegram came to us saying that we are stranded in Kabul.
So you see all these things one should not try.
You see,
if you cannot afford to go,
better not.
But they mustn't go on any of these to do such a thing?
I don't understand.
You see some of these Kabul,
what airline goes via Kabul?
I don't know it's probably Afghanistan Air Afghanistan Airline Afghanistan and
they got stranded there because this problem of Russian business.
Afghanistan.
So they got to Afghanistan Airlines from where
I don't know and how they arrived there
straightforward you must go.
And another is they told me is a very bad one is you should never go Syrians.
Have you had problems.
I was stuck there with you?
Well,
I was in Bombay,
if you remember,
mother,
and I had this open ticket which I thought,
great,
I can come back whenever I like.
When I got to Bombay,
I found out they weren't running a jumbo.
It was like a
half-size plane and there was a 3 month waiting list to come back.
You put a ban it,
mother,
and he got it immediately,
but
waiting because everybody was trying to leave Bombay because we were shouting
at Graham for being so stupid as to book it like that.
I thought it would be good to have it open so I could come back when
it was very dangerous,
you know,
I had to pay a ticket last time
we bought one ticket then we paid for my ticket,
ticket.
The whole ticket was cancelled.
The kind of we had such a ticket.
Don't go to him.
In fact,
when I wanted to go to India,
he was offering,
he was trying to sell me a ticket that was ridiculously expensive,
you know,
so expensive.
Very expensive ticket to either he gives very expensive or this kind
of this time he gave a big expensive ticket to us also.
Isn't it?
Well,
you gave him the instructions,
to just buy it
like this from the Air India.
I told him
there is one or you told him he didn't even was
for 340 actually he still tried to charge you more.
Then I said,
but
you promised mother 280,
and he wanted to charge you 299.
Really
that's very bad on his part to do and he'd already
agreed to gone to the opening of his new office as well
he's doing very well with that,
but he doesn't understand that he should not make money out of me.
He very quickly changed and the first he gave me was so bad that we had to change,
and I said now I return this ticket to get
to Canada had to come from Houston up to Dallas,
Dallas across to Los Angeles.
Los Angeles we had to run between two aircraft.
Mother was running literally,
then up to here to Vancouver.
All in one day
And then a programme the same night.
No,
no,
we not have him anymore now.
He's trying to cheat I didn't know.
I telling me something like that.
That's what upset Billy so much as well.
When Billy was working for him,
he said,
I can't stand it.
I'm so jokey.
I can't stand working for somebody who thinks about money all the time.
Mm
I think it's much better to deal directly with Air India.
So we'll do it directly and then give us some concession they said
but whatever it is we
we already get 10% automatically in Australia,
so I'm sure will get better than that.
I can't.
Well,
I mean better in the sense that
better than they can get.
Yeah.
Can you pop the cat out?
CP CP said he'll get me that.
He said that what is my commission?
I said what is mine first of all.
What is I
never taken any commission so far.
I know you don't know also how to do it.
But honesty goes a long way.
I'm.
You see
That way
they have been doing very well if you see to it.
People have been living in ashrams in such beautiful ashrams in England,
isn't it?
And we have had a big huge hotel to ourselves to big old huge places.
Then the surton was another big blessing to us,
I tell you,
and that uh
Nightingale Lane was another blessing.
I mean,
people could not believe that Is that they're living in such good places.
So we spent a little more money for,
but all this is your own property for ever and ever,
so it's all right.
We bought some washing machine and that also we got so cheap at
one for the price you.
Yes.
Nobody could believe sheets,
blankets,
bedspreads,
dining room tables,
chairs,
cushions,
lounge suites.
Washing machine fridge freezer
and one big
you cancelled that 1000 upstairs actually that
if you cancel that 1000 thing you bought
that lounge suit.
The parting from
Italy was how much?
7 was the one that sofa.
I think the red ones.
More than that.
How much?
No,
not exactly.
You mean the red one?
I thought it was approaching 1000,
but I didn't.
I didn't actually see the price on it.
So you can imagine
and then also 3 sofa sets.
T3 sofas,
it's all wood.
It's wood
and sheets and
beds and beds,
everything,
everything that you think of even a kitchen services,
s,
knives and forks and how many tables,
4 tables,
4 tables and how many chairs,
16 chairs
and solid 5.
So
many things to a nest of tables and one big coffee table.
and one bath bath suit,
bath suit things that.
Can't believe it.
No one can believe it when you see that.
Basic uh
drawers and
Everything
And carpets.
What about the carpets,
carpet was
for it was for how much?
1,
not even 1 part per square yard turned out to be a very,
very good bargain,
bargain.
It was 11 pound.
Or 50% or something like that
1st 2 yard
and with a matting,
rubber matting.
Matai,
um,
Laurie was telling me about this house.
Did she talk to you talked to her how much it cost and all that.
Well,
the owners are an investment of some
trust company or something,
and they're anxious to be rid of it,
and I know that in real estate means that it's a liability to them and
therefore the market price would be quite good,
but
They need to get themselves established with
this registration as a charitable organisation,
so
I don't think they've got enough money here to do that.
They're literally very near the end.
It's not going to cost much,
just a few $100 but we can perhaps all of us can perhaps help
just to help them get the legal identity,
then actually they get a further grant from the government
for that
on top of this.
So when they're buying the house,
if they ever got to that position.
They would get a further grant from
the government being a charitable organisation.
That's good.
That I'll give you what you say I was going to ring a few barristers in
town here just to find out because I know the ropes or James knows the ropes from
Australia.
We've done it now and we can just ring a few people and see what's involved,
what the costs are and what the requirements are you could do that tomorrow.
And see,
you know,
just what we're up for in costs.
No.
I mean a house like this is great it's a wonderful asset,
but then how will you purchase?
News coming.
Yes,
that's true,
but you have to pay down payment or you have to pay it would be like that,
but if it is a trust thing,
then you'll get it for cheap.
We may be able to get a co op type mortgage,
a cooperative mortgage.
James,
good to have a little look into this tomorrow.
He's an expert in this.
You're the expert,
mother,
aren't you?
Ah,
you see,
it works out,
that's all I can say,
but I'm not an expert.
It works out with me,
things work out very well.
It works out in such a beautiful way,
sometimes you just can't understand.
Mother,
may I just mention one thing,
the,
now the mother ashram in Sydney,
um,
it's up for sale.
The in,
in Sydney,
yes,
um.
I,
before I came away,
Mother,
I made an offer on it,
uh without checking with you first,
but
of 160,000,
it's worth about
most probably 190,
but he wants a,
he wanted 300,000,
mother,
and I told him that that was far too much.
And he's
he's sort of talking in the vicinity now of
250,000,
which is still a long way,
so,
but at the moment there is a sort of a negotiation going on
and then I came here,
but I.
I don't know,
Mother,
whether that would be a good idea for us to buy it.
Perhaps that money should be better spent in India,
things like that.
I don't know if we were.
See if it comes off,
if it comes off,
then
it's meant to be.
I was going to continue it when I went back and
then you can expand it if it's a freehold thing,
you can expand it more because you may have to bring something
on an upper story there you see when my birthday was celebrated,
I mean the people were really jammed up completely and it's a very huge thing.
There should be a place,
I personally think should be anywhere,
whatever it is
where you have a large hall like thing because last time there were so many people.
That's what we lack,
Mother in Sydney we really lack that,
and we'd be very grateful if we ever get something that's
more suitable with a big hall like you often,
like we found,
for example,
in Switzerland.
That's wonderful.
That's my feet.
Sydney if you can get some better this is right or whatever you may say,
but long term may not be true.
I did have some doubts in here about it,
but I just
started it to just let you know away from Sydney
a little away from Sydney if you can get a big place,
it's better to have it.
For the same amount you might get a bigger place.
we would out a little bit,
and that's better to be there,
because
of course a place like this is good for
people to come down and you need something central,
but one thing,
but
Actually,
such a place could be in a good locality,
some place where
people can come for weekends
can stay there for weekends,
and they could be there.
All Sydney people can come for weekends and then contribute to the cost too,
contribute to the cost as well.
This is a new idea of mothers actually where
the people that don't necessarily live in the ashram.
All come to the ashram for the weekend and contribute to the running costs.
Little away if it is from Sydney they would like to come near a lake
or near a river or something
just to come down there to have a little sort of a
much better and then Saturday Sunday if they stay with you,
you see there'll be more
sort of much more than I'll get started on it as soon as I go back
and do something that's much better.
And it's substantial and nobody will disturb you there.
The neighbours problem,
this problem,
and there's more space to expand
in Sydney.
You must have,
you can get it.
I know I've seen this fellow who was this what was his name,
the one who
whose house we had that lawn we went down,
huge big lawn
we settled down there whose wife is Polish.
Which country,
Switzer Sydney.
See,
he had a nice place,
but the place was not covered,
you see.
So if you could have something
like that and covered,
or we can make a hall there,
you can make like using the back lawn as a big hall
and sort of we can have a hall,
double hall,
or maybe that for people,
ladies to sleep and gents to sleep,
some bathrooms and bedding and.
Some bathrooms,
one good
bathroom or big bathroom for them,
like many washbasins and things.
You can build something like that.
They can come for when you come to India,
have a look at the plans of the school that mothers that I'd love to.
Something like that
so that so many people are there,
you see,
the more you come in contact with each other,
it will be a real outing.
You can have your programmes,
you can have.
It would be wonderful.
Everybody would like to be there.
Because when we get together now,
Mother,
we have a problem with space.
We just burst at the seams and we're growing so quick.
And you are going to grow very fast
because most of the gurus have withdrawn from there.
You're going to grow very fast.
You must have a big hall.
You can make yourself a hall of your own.
No.
The golden builders can build it.
That's no problem.
It should be double story.
Why?
Because you can sleep and do and could be bathrooms upstairs and down below the.
Golden builder's mother is very prosperous now thanks to your grace.
Yes,
tremendous.
And people should learn from you,
really.
It's very good.
They've never had so much work and
all these things are working out,
and they're getting all their work,
Mother,
in churches.
Mainly Mormon churches.
Mor
Mormon Latter day saints.
You probably,
it's an American Mor
nonsense.
It's an American boish business
where they believe that Jesus Christ.
was born in America,
I mean.
Yes they do,
and they're very,
they're quite big in Australia.
The headquarters is in Salt Lake City and uh and they're very,
very big.
They,
they're big on family life.
Actually
many of their things are dynamic,
but they're completely wrong about them.
What is the need to have Christ born in America?
Well,
I guess it's a bit of ego.
a man called Joseph Smith had a revelation and he found it on
certain tablets that was written on a
mountain somewhere near Washington these tablets.
They say the founder of the movement discovered tablets,
you know,
large stone
stones with writing on declaring that Jesus was born in America.
Well,
who wrote that English language that Joseph Smith,
his name was unlikely.
Joseph Smith,
you know,
good at Smith.
In that smith means
smith means uh smile.
with
But it is that not
not that one.
Uh.
Uh
Marjorie Bassett we don't show.
That's not the way.
It's very bad,
bad manners.
The lady who was our publicity who was supposed to become our publicity agent
came in and the first thing she said to Mother was that,
well,
we're going to have to fix up your accent.
You
don't speak English properly,
and the Americans won't have
she said.
Out of date now.
So I said,
all right,
now how do I speak?
He said,
you say,
we say thought.
Not even that man
don't like this.
It's hideous thought.
It's a much deeper way,
thought that's the way we speak,
not a thought.
But this is also ego,
you see,
if it is English language,
speak like English.
Why should you have American English?
This is also another ego that we can do anything to the language also,
isn't it?
What is the basic language,
why don't you speak like that?
I can't understand.
Supposing we start speaking like Hindi,
English language,
you won't understand a word of what we are saying.
Hindi.
It's not even an accent or a dialect.
It's absolutely careless,
slovenly speech.
I know that is accepted now we have our South Indians will say judged.
Not a
part.
That
But this is also ego,
you see,
if it is English language,
speak like English.
Why should you have American English?
This is also another ego that we can do anything to the language also,
isn't it?
If the whatever is the basic language,
why don't you speak like.
I can't understand.
supposing we start speaking like Hindi,
English language,
you won't understand a word of what we are saying.
Hi
Hindi.
It's not even an accent or a dialect.
It's absolutely careless,
slovenly speech.
I know that is accepted now we have a say our South Indians will say judge
judge,
judged,
and they will say like that they talk like.
Like that,
you see,
they say like that,
but it's all right.
I mean,
we know they are like that and they accept that they are like that,
and it's wrong to say,
but they say it like that,
all right,
judgement,
they'll say judgement was not good.
I like that they speak like that,
and then we have
also people like from CP province,
they say uncle.
They'll say a station
is not station they'll say India India like that,
you see they say and say I have,
I have
like that they have a style of school.
So we all have that kind of thing in India.
Even English people have their own style,
so to speak,
but that doesn't mean that if you have those
things that uh main English is challenged and accepted
to be the right thing to do that way.
I mean,
English must be spoken like the English,
but now even the English don't speak like English.
I must.
They changed
the way some of these people speak,
I would say
like that.
Pat
or Maureen is not right,
she's educated,
but Pat and
uh Pamela,
and sometimes the worst is uh this uh
Tony's wife,
what's her name?
Dawn Dawn.
I can't understand what she talks,
you see,
she's she's
uh
uh 10 times she must put R in between.
So that's uh another uneducated style I think whatever it is.
So they also don't speak correct English.
True,
isn't it?
But on the whole and
and Scottish and the Welsh and all other Scottish is I don't know absolutely
I Scottish hero Mr.
Mark Canahan.
I told him now,
will you please speak write English to me.
I can't understand.
I'm really,
and that is one thing about me.
I cannot understand any language which is so much mispronounced.
So American is absolutely out of question that way Canadians are good people,
you know,
and also
uh Australians,
they have not changed the language,
so.
But
Americans and they,
they want to teach you how to speak English of all the persons.
That was amazing that morning.
I couldn't believe what was happening.
I said she's never had this happen before.
What are you talking about?
She said,
well,
we've got to change it.
It's just got to be you.
Nobody will understand you.
And I mean,
everybody understands what you say.
But uh she she told me the answer.
She said,
you see Americans is a Humphrey Bogart style.
she said,
uh,
you put a cigarette in one side,
then you have to.
Putting these sides out from the other side,
so they're used to that kind of thing.
She made a thing like that,
you see,
she closed here and opened this side the thing,
you see this.
I was quite surprised to
not speak like that.
So you have to speak from one side or from the other side.
Hm.
That's why the language became like that.
Best was Praha.
He was teaching some
people,
Americans,
how to say Bhagavati.
They couldn't say
Bhagavati,
he said.
Then he said pull his ears,
you see,
before me.
He said,
Mother,
please forgive me.
I have to teach them,
so I have to use some sort of another style.
So they use it with children,
she said,
All right,
said hagawati.
I
And they did say oh God.
It's interesting,
yeah,
but this ego will go away,
I think they'll pick up the proper languages.
And English has spoiled also not like
yeah,
these.
Cambridge people,
they'll say super
meaning super
super
super.
if it is to be said super
they'll say super
super.
R.
What is that?
think very lady it's the sort of way they speak,
you know,
it's very sort of they,
they exaggerate all the uh
all the uh vowels,
all the vowels are exaggerated.
they say they say you are mild.
That
It was our
our uh
uh this uh with uh.
in the mouth like I wish there's something round
in the mouth a ball in the mouth like that
in the public school,
you see our doctor Spiro,
he used to speak like that.
So one day
the son said,
take out that ball from your mouth and now he's more the oh no not really no,
definitely not.
David.
now
he's more sort of around.
He goes round in the mouth,
but he says that's how they're taught in the public schools,
it's true.
Rustam's got a very beautiful accent.
No,
no,
I mean he's told me that I went to indoor indoor.
I said indoor.
What do you mean?
He went to indoor indoor.
I think because I'm very bad as you say I'm so hopeless.
I have no brains
so my.
My granddaughter came and said,
Ronny,
he's saying he went to indoor.
I said indoor?
Yes,
I said indoor.
I said you're saying indoor.
I thought,
how can you go to indoor either in or to one of the propositions.
But
But it is indoor,
the,
as we said THE the indoor,
but he said indoor.
And I couldn't understand how it is in English.
I thought I N D O R,
he said
it is indoor,
the
the,
as you say indoor,
not the as you say what do you say to THE.
This is the,
the,
the book that's where the
the
the.
The,
the,
he said.
See,
it's a lot different.
But Mother,
the people who speak beautiful Hindi
who were at your programme in Delhi and they heard you speaking one night.
They were pundits from the university teachers.
They came out absolutely saying that for somebody who
speaks Maratti so perfectly.
But who speaks
Hindi
with such not only perfection.
Yes,
they think you're a scholar of Hindi,
and they said the pronunciation is flawless.
They used the word flawless.
Yeah,
somehow Hindi I know because I've spoken it in many lives
and Sanskrit,
that's how I know.
and Marathi I know very well.
We just enjoy the vibrations Marathi I'm very good at it.
I think Marathi language itself is very powerful and Hindi is second,
but English I can manage somehow.
English is not so good as Marathi.
I cannot be.
I think it's very difficult to be humorous in the language and you're very
humorous with English,
English can be such a dry language English can be so dry,
but you make it so
jovial.
One day was giggling out,
I said,
what happened?
the way you joked at our
unions that now the surgeries are forming labour unions.
Hm
All right.
We had a nice time together.
Thank you very much.
I hope you all enjoyed the vibrations.
May God bless you.
So tomorrow morning,
what time?
No,
unless you want to do something else I want to go
shopping because I want to see what is left and what I have to get.
I'm borrowing back all the presents,
you know.
In the afternoon we have one thing in the afternoon,
that's all just a radio interview.
That is a later in the afternoon that's tomorrow.
So tomorrow morning I'll have the bath with all the elaborations because I
was quite nervous to see the way you have made all the elaborations.
There's no need to bother.
You should have just filled the tank,
I would have jumped into.
Mhm
The only thing to get out of it will be difficult.
Yeah
Typical.
Architect,
he must be enjoying that part for the architect.
By myself I made you see two bathrooms like that in my house,
but huge big like this,
you see,
and you can get down by steps,
it's like a tag.
And we also use like ordinary bathroom.
Uh,
like you can just get down and have a shower there.
Or if you want,
you can feel in the water as much as you like and have a bath exactly because
Indians don't eat that have baths of that kind
they like shower so you can have a bucket
and sit on the
uh on the staircase in the stairs and
take the bath,
which will be like lots of things.
It's Japanese style.
Romans but Japanese,
you have very very funny people.
They give you buckets,
you see that will be 56,
Buckets and 56 stacks.
And you have to first wash under that all of you put together,
and there's a common tub into which you have to get it.
It's a horrible thing.
Really.
Japan may be the last.
That's so it's better because already so many patients have got sterilisation.
So I don't know what's going to happen to Japan.
All right,
we got this with your mahakari
thing,
huh.
I got really got caught there.
Uh,
this is the big one you got,
right?
Oh,
I've got some smaller ones like this.
We can give it to these people on the food.
I'll give them.
I've got some.
This one is wonderful.
You people gave them,
right?
It's huge.
Such vibration
That was our very first puja when you arrived in Australia,
and we got these flowers just out of the blue.
We didn't know that they were auspicious and we went and just got them.
You know what happened when I was going?
I told who Terrence was driving.
I said,
stop the car.
We have to get these flowers,
you see.
And then we went around and he forgot about it.
I also forgot when we went there,
you got all these.
Yeah.
They are the things meant for the school.
It's tremendous this food out and you can see the face and all that so withdrawn.
Just funny.
It's so powerful.
Tremendous,
it's beautiful.
That's a good one.
That's out of the one you.
And that's the one that
was taken in by Turner.
Is it this year?
No,
the year before last and we brought it to India as a gift for
year before last year.
I turn 12 months before.
It was a
blue and red,
yeah
yeah that was another luck they had.
I know blue and red.
I know where they got it,
yes.
All right.
So you buy sweet leaves.
I will name him on the day of our food,
right?
He sweet name.
Thank you.
That
and the right is fine I mean uh
uh.
Oh working it out very much.
Ibiscus.
I think he's still a bit hungry.
No,
he's he's with the gas.
That's
You're hungry.
Also there is gas.
OK,
take out the gas.
OK.
Is it?
I think he's just enjoying it.
You got
Yeah you get excited,
you see?
Where is the picture here I see.
So that,
you know,
this document.
Yeah.
Just outside